All right, so the final big snapshot for
the happy gas drop just hit and we can
now craft saddles and remove saddles
from mobs with shears. But we also got
five new ambient tracks in the game,
plus a new music disc called Tears that
you get when you kill a gas with a
deflected fireball. Plus, we can now
toggle music to play constantly and we
have the option to turn on this little
display that says what song is playing.
But how good are the new songs? So all
the original music for Minecraft is by
C418, and I personally think it's the
best and most Minecraft sounding music
in the game. But even though he wrote an
entire new album for Minecraft, rumors
are that Microsoft won't use it because
C418 wants to retain the copyrights to
his own music. So, in the past several
years, we've seen other composers add to
the game soundtrack, like Lena Rain, who
worked on Celeste, and Kumi Tanoka, who
worked on Final Fantasy 11. Lena Ran
also collabed with Aaron Sherof on the
Tricky Trial soundtrack, which makes
sense because both are based in Seattle,
where the American Mojang office is
located. But this drop uses brand new
composer named Amos Rody based in
Portland, Oregon. Oh, this new music
disc has like a nightclub sound to it.
Very ghostly. It definitely fits in with
Pixstep. All right, this one is for
frozen peaks biomes. Yeah, a lot of
these are pretty ambient, very soft, and
peaceful. I honestly think these might
be the closest to that classic C418
vibe. Dude, this one sounds so much like
the old Minecraft music. I give this a
solid 8 out of 10. Very Minecraft.